generators/app/templates/_README.md, before:

## Getting Started
If you haven't yet, install nvm:
https://github.com/creationix/nvm

### Run the following commands from the theme directory

#### Use the right version of node with:
`nvm use`

_This command will look at your `.nvmrc` file and use the version node.js specified in it. This ensures all developers use the same version of node for consistency._

#### If that version of node isn't installed, install it with:
`nvm install`

#### Install npm dependencies with
`npm install`

_This command looks at `package.json` and installs all the npm dependencies specified in it.  Some of the dependencies include gulp, autoprefixer, gulp-sass and others._

#### Runs default task
`npm run build`

_This will run whatever the default task is._

#### Compiles Sass
`npm run compile`

_This will perform a one-time Sass compilation._

#### Runs the watch command
`npm run watch`

_This is ideal when you are doing a lot of Sass changes and you want to make sure every time a change is saved it automatically gets compiled to CSS_

#### Cleans complied directory
`npm run clean`

_This will perform a one-time deletion of all compiled files within the dist/ directory._

Commit message:

* Back in **1.3.3** I fixed the layout folder but didn't quite get it in   the right spot. This is now fixed. * Updated Babel to use [env](https://github.com/babel/babel-preset-env) instead of a preset.   This means you can simplify browser support a bit by adding browsers   needed to the project's `package.json`. * Moved Autoprefixer config to the `package.json` file similar to Babel env. This sets   us up for when both Babel env and Autoprefixer use the same config. * Added in error handling for JS and SCSS compiling. Now the watch task won't fail completely   but will show you the error and keep watching files. This is a feature right? * Add best practice about using the generator via [npx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx). * Added theme documentation that points out Autoprefixer and Babel project config.

generators/app/templates/_README.md, after:

## Getting Started

### Browser Support
Autoprefixer & Babel is set to support:

* IE >= 9
* Last 3 versions of modern browsers.

These can be updated at any time within the `package.json`.

### Run the following commands from the theme directory
If you haven't yet, install nvm:
https://github.com/creationix/nvm

#### Use the right version of node with:
`nvm use`

_This command will look at your `.nvmrc` file and use the version node.js specified in it. This ensures all developers use the same version of node for consistency._

#### If that version of node isn't installed, install it with:
`nvm install`

#### Install npm dependencies with
`npm install`

_This command looks at `package.json` and installs all the npm dependencies specified in it.  Some of the dependencies include gulp, autoprefixer, gulp-sass and others._

#### Runs default task
`npm run build`

_This will run whatever the default task is._

#### Compiles Sass
`npm run compile`

_This will perform a one-time Sass compilation._

#### Runs the watch command
`npm run watch`

_This is ideal when you are doing a lot of Sass changes and you want to make sure every time a change is saved it automatically gets compiled to CSS_

#### Cleans complied directory
`npm run clean`

_This will perform a one-time deletion of all compiled files within the dist/ directory._
